README.md, before:

# Mathematical-Modeling-with-Python
 This repository contains python codes for mathematical modeling.

<br>

Each algorithm/model is described in a Jupyter notebook.

<br>

For now, this repo contains following algorithms/models:

- 元胞自动机 Cellular Automata
- 综合评价与决策算法 Comprehensive Evaluation & Decision-Making Method
  - 层次分析法 Analytic Hierarchy Process
  - 数据包络分析 Data Envelopment Analysis
  - 模糊综合评判法 Fuzzy Comprehensive Evaluatino Method
  - 灰色关联分析 Grey Relational Analysis
  - 理想解法 TOPSIS
- 微分方程 Differential Equation
  - 常微分方程 Ordinary Differential Equation
  - 传染病模型 Epidemic Models
- 插值和拟合 Interpolation and Fitting
  - 插值 Interpolation
  - 拟合 Fitting
- 数学规划 Mathematical Programming
  - 整数规划 Integer Programming
  - 线性规划 Linear Programming
  - 非线性规划 Nonlinear Programming
- 数理统计 Mathematical Statistics
  - 统计推断 Statistics Inference
  - 方差分析 Analysis of Variance
- 现代优化算法 Modern Optimization Algorithms
  - 蚁群算法 Ant Colony Algorithm
  - 遗传算法 Genetic Algorithm
  - 粒子群算法 Particle Swarm Optimization
  - 模拟退火 Simulated Annealing
- 多元分析 Multivariate Analysis
  - 聚类分析 Cluster Analysis
  - 主成分分析 Principal Component Analysis

Commit message:

Add regression analysis, update graph theory

README.md, after:

# Mathematical-Modeling-with-Python
 This repository contains python codes for mathematical modeling.

Each algorithm/model is described in a Jupyter notebook. It is recommended to download notebooks and view them locally because math formula cannot be rendered correctly on Github.

<br>

For now, this repo contains following algorithms/models:

- 元胞自动机 Cellular Automata
- 综合评价与决策算法 Comprehensive Evaluation & Decision-Making Method
  - 层次分析法 Analytic Hierarchy Process
  - 数据包络分析 Data Envelopment Analysis
  - 模糊综合评判法 Fuzzy Comprehensive Evaluatino Method
  - 灰色关联分析 Grey Relational Analysis
  - 理想解法 TOPSIS
- 微分方程 Differential Equation
  - 常微分方程 Ordinary Differential Equation
  - 传染病模型 Epidemic Models
- 图论 Graph Theory
- 插值和拟合 Interpolation and Fitting
  - 插值 Interpolation
  - 拟合 Fitting
- 数学规划 Mathematical Programming
  - 整数规划 Integer Programming
  - 线性规划 Linear Programming
  - 非线性规划 Nonlinear Programming
- 数理统计 Mathematical Statistics
  - 统计推断 Statistics Inference
  - 方差分析 Analysis of Variance
  - 回归分析 Regression Analysis
- 现代优化算法 Modern Optimization Algorithms
  - 蚁群算法 Ant Colony Algorithm
  - 遗传算法 Genetic Algorithm
  - 粒子群算法 Particle Swarm Optimization
  - 模拟退火 Simulated Annealing
- 多元分析 Multivariate Analysis
  - 聚类分析 Cluster Analysis
  - 主成分分析 Principal Component Analysis
- 预测模型 Predict Model
  - 灰色预测模型 Grey Model
